test(cypress): add a new tests to verify secrets are mounted properly (#3612)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

.. _changelog:

0.52.0
------

> Renku ``0.52.0`` contains a new secrets-storage service that allows users to store and use secrets in 
> sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renku ``0.52.0`` introduces a new feature to save and use secrets in RenkuLab sessions. For example, save your credentials for a database or external computing resource in RenkuLab to access those external systems from a RenkuLab session. Save secrets via the new User Secrets page in the account drop down, and choose which secrets to mount in a session on the Start with Options page. 
```

Reviewer: Can we also include a link to the docs?

> **🌟 New Features**

Reviewer: We are missing the Use-Facing Changes section header here
